Bugfix/519 476 user directory usage (#569)
opendcs/opendcs: docs/source/start-software.rst

What do I need to edit/configure for my set-up?
===============================================

OpenDCS on the first start of any program will determine if you have an existing
DCSTOOL_USERDIR environment variable set or Create the default directory for you.

If you have not set the variable OpenDCS will use it's default `$HOME/.opendcs` on unix type machines
and `%AppData%\.opendcs` on Windows machines.

If that directory already exists, it is assumed valid. If it does not exist OpenDCS will copy the
default decodes.properties to `$DCSTOOL_USERDIR\user.properties` and also copy the default XML database to 
`$DCSTOOL_USERDIR/edit-db`.

This allows new users to get started more quickly. Additionally if you are setting up a fresh SQL based database, the
contents of `$DCSTOOL_USERDIR/edit-db` should be imported in, starting with the `loading-app` directory.

.. NOTE::
   
   We are currently in the process of improving how this required standard data is handled. We've provided this basic
   instruction to help users get started but would preferred not to write out detail documentation since we'll be changing it soon.

>    If you have further questions please use github.com/opendcs/opendcs/discourse for more clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have further questions please use https://github.com/opendcs/opendcs/discussions for more clarity.
```
